Updating Trend Micro Vision One pack (#41079)
demisto/content: Packs/TrendMicroVisionOne/README.md

# Trend Micro Vision One

## Overview

> Trend Micro Vision One is a cybersecurity platform designed to provide centralized visibility, detection, and response across an organization's IT environment by unifying critical security capabilities, such as Attack Surface Risk Management (ASRM) and Extended Detection and Response (XDR), into a single, integrated architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trend Micro Vision One is a cybersecurity platform that provides one central place to see, detect, and respond to threats across your organization's IT environment. It does this by combining critical security capabilities, such as Attack Surface Risk Management (ASRM) and Extended Detection and Response (XDR) into a single, integrated architecture.
```
